Updated en-docs about page transitions (#1443)
nuxt/docs: en/api/pages-transition.md

---
title: "API: The pageTransition Property"
description: Nuxt.js uses the `<transition>` component to let you create amazing transitions/animations between your pages.
---

> # The transition Property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The pageTransition Property
```

*Note: it’s also a good idea to explicitly add `css: false` for JavaScript-only transitions so that Vue can skip the CSS detection. This also prevents CSS rules from accidentally interfering with the transition.*

### Transition Mode

> **Default transition mode for pages differs from the default mode in VueJS**. The `pageTransition` mode is by default set to `out-in`. If you want to run leaving and entering transitions simultaneously, you have to set the mode to empty string `mode:""`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The default transition mode for pages differs from the default mode in Vue.js**. The `pageTransition` mode is by default set to `out-in`. If you want to run leaving and entering transitions simultaneously, you have to set the mode to the empty string `mode: ''`. 
```
